hello guys all by yourself as always sleigh and
today we will put our new potion
more precisely poison potion but also exchange
you throw up the cup to 1000 myself
welter now I will say how many things
family or poisoning but along the way we
we will throw units around kong donkey and
destroy them with this our new business so
the guys really found it some kind of comcast
he did i have about five so at all
they were empty so well here we are
Barbara bows and some magicians
let's get you all the whole so
everything seems to have completely gone out and
let's collect it somewhere in one
a bunch let's say here and these while he runs
It can now be the day something will have to
lead because it also slows down
one as they went all in different ways
so let's put them in one pile
we will kill them all and him somewhere
so well, and here they are we all die
in principle for the first lvl'a
pretty good at killing everything here
the whole icon has become a breath
I do not know now , probably, I probably
I will always take a couple of these with me
potions as she really is
awesome 1 or was already killing
not bad all these new spells i will
sway
most likely after pumping
ordinary units and ordinary potions that is
the very end so but let's also find
any opponent well here's another
what is one clan caste in which there is
some units here we have a bunch of archers
let's get them all they also he
like magic
4 Levla on let's go again and collect all
in one pack and kill how here
look there is a gift to a little bit free
so we let's throw on again on
advancing our potions from so well here's one
the magician stayed with us
let's throw in here they all sigh
so not bad for the first lvl it
a wonderful lion is possible on anyone
I'll take it by myself
We still have one here to whom we become magicians
like the last left and some
pumped archers we let's see
how to handle these units
new potion
collected again in one pile I want already
dogs 2
so did not find anything there that's where our
potion archers just instantly go out
well, we magicians livelier so to speak, and
need a little longer to be here but
in principle , funny
be sure to try it yourself
this is really funny clan
Castl just sdyhaet for a few
seconds but we haven't come across yet
air so there is a dragon or such
balls let's see how he can handle them
we and here we have another one
the completed icon has also become here
activated skeletons let's here
all lure and collect in one pile
look just like we have skeletons
I'll glue some such creatures
who are there literally
but for half a second immediately die
they didn’t have time for movies and shadows
already dead
so oh well here are barbaras we have them too
more powerful than archer
die and a little longer basically he to
he sent one deed quite enough all
we will die if of course there is not
dragons then this potion will just save you
who so guys here at last i'm long
searched but basically i found it here
us race trace i have 4 dragon now
it we get 4 or 5 no it
still 4 and we have a horseman here
5 labels how to handle them our two
new potions collected again in one
a bunch unfortunately I have left myself
only two green had to take
a little bit more it is possible we would them
all killed so call go here in
corner
it seems to me here
rider on a boar that we definitely Die
dragon know no no since he almost
maximum pumping mastered so 1
so well the rider on the boar in our home
the dragon stayed about 70 percent of it
health but for two purposes of the first lvl
This principle is not bad. What can I do
say about this business really
funny you can play around with him
if you don’t feel sorry for the cube there is an extra thark
be sure to create and try
also destroy already icon with this
really fun but next
video we clean sile earthquake then
we have it too, the first lvl
look at what she is capable of you you
liked this video and you think that
that Zilya is one of the funniest
then put likes write comments
also subscribe to my channel and
the group in contact with you was sanya all
good luck everyone bye